1. Used Laravel 7.25.0, MySQL 8.0.18, PHP 7.3.12, JQuery 2.5.1, jsGrid 1.5.3, and Guzzle 7.0
2. I ran the Laravel PHP server via the artisan command (php artisan serve) to create this instead of using Apache, Nginx, etc.
3. The application is accessible by http://127.0.0.1:8000/
4. YOu can access the API (that populates the grid) directly http://127.0.0.1:8000/api/github_repos/all
5. The architecture/files are as follows:
    * app/Http/Controllers/Victr.php
      had 4 methods: 
      * delete which truncates the database table when called
      * retrieve which gets the data out of the database table when called
      * store which puts the data in the database table when called
      * index which
        * gets the latest data from github via the github query
        * truncates the local database table data
        * stores the recently retrieved data from github in the database table
        * retrieves the data from the database table
        * returns the data back to the viewer/blade for jsgrid to use
    * resources/views/victr.blade.php
       * the blade where the js/css/html is called/created to present the data from the database
    * public/js/jquery-3.5.1.min
       * downloaded so the app works without internet connectivity
    * public/js/victr_listing.js
       * application js file that is called from the viewer/blade, gets the database data from the api/database, returns it to be formatted in the div as a grid. 
    * database/migrations/2020_08_20_000000_create_victr_table
       * what creates the table to store the data from github which is also called to show on the view
    routes/api/
       * api to access the database table data directly
    routes/web
       * where the blade is defined which the server loads when you access the root page
       
       
Actual database sql generated by migration
>'CREATE TABLE `victr` (
>  `id` bigint(20) unsigned NOT NULL AUTO_INCREMENT,
>  `repo_id` int(11) NOT NULL,
>  `name` text COLLATE utf8mb4_unicode_ci NOT NULL,
>  `repo_url` text COLLATE utf8mb4_unicode_ci NOT NULL,
>  `created_date` datetime NOT NULL,
>  `last_push_date` datetime NOT NULL,
>  `description` longtext COLLATE utf8mb4_unicode_ci NOT NULL,
>  `num_of_stars` int(11) NOT NULL,
>  `created_at` timestamp NOT NULL DEFAULT CURRENT_TIMESTAMP,
>  PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
>  ) ENGINE=InnoDB AUTO_INCREMENT=11 DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8mb4 COLLATE=utf8mb4_unicode_ci'
       
       
Due to time limitations I was not able to work a lot on usability, themeing, performance like issues, bells/whistles, security/authentication/authorization/tokens,  etc. I know the database pwd is in the file. I left it there as an example for you. Of course that would never be done on an actual project. This database is local host. I didn't know what you meant by "click through to the details" so I just hyperlinked the row's repo url to github. Also you said the top repositories. I pull them all but only present the top 10.
